Dra updates (#347)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/dra-intro-install.rst

* GPUs: for controlled sharing and dynamic reconfiguration of GPUs. A modern replacement for the traditional GPU allocation method (using NVIDIA’s device plugin). 
* ComputeDomains: for robust and secure `Multi-Node NVLink (MNNVL) <https://docs.nvidia.com/multi-node-nvlink-systems/index.html>`_ for NVIDIA GB200 and similar systems.

You can use the NVIDIA DRA Driver for GPUs with the NVIDIA GPU Operator to deploy and manage your GPUs and ComputeDomains.

*************
Prerequisites
*************

.. tip::
   You are able to use both NVIDIA DRA Driver for GPUs ComputeDomain and GPU allocation independently or together in the same cluster. 
   However, they have different prerequisites.
   If you plan to use both features together, you must configure your cluster with the minimum prerequisites for both GPU allocation and ComputeDomains.

.. tab-set::
   :sync-group: dra

   .. tab-item:: GPU allocation
      :sync: gpu-allocation

      Using the NVIDIA DRA Driver for GPUs allocation with the GPU Operator requires the following:

      * Kubernetes v1.34.2 or newer.

        .. note::

>            If you plan to use extended resources with the DRA Driver you must also have the required feature gates installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           If you plan to use traditional extended resource requests such as `nvidia.com/gpu` with the DRA driver, you must enable the [DRAExtendedResource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/#extended-resource) feature gate. This feature allows the scheduler to automatically translate extended resource requests into ResourceClaims, which are then allocated by the DRA driver.
```

*******************************
Install the NVIDIA GPU Operator
*******************************

.. tab-set::
   :sync-group: dra

   .. tab-item:: GPU Allocation
      :sync: gpu-allocation

      1. Create a node selector label on all the nodes in your cluster that support GPU allocation through DRA:

         .. code-block:: console

            kubectl label node $HOSTNAME nvidia.com/dra-kubelet-plugin=true

      2. Add the Helm repo:

         .. code-block:: console

            helm repo add nvidia https://helm.ngc.nvidia.com/nvidia \
            && helm repo update

      3. Install the GPU Operator with the NVIDIA Kubernetes Device Plugin disabled:

         .. code-block:: console

            helm upgrade --install gpu-operator nvidia/gpu-operator \
              --version=${version} \
              --create-namespace \
              --namespace gpu-operator \
              --set devicePlugin.enabled=false \
              --set driver.manager.env[0].name=NODE_LABEL_FOR_GPU_POD_EVICTION \
              --set driver.manager.env[0].value="nvidia.com/dra-kubelet-plugin"

>          Make sure that the value of ``driver.manager.env`` matches the node selector label for nodes that will support GPU allocation through the DRA Driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Make sure that the value of ``driver.manager.env`` matches the node selector label that was used when installing the DRA driver helm chart.
```

      :sync: computedomain

      1. Add the Helm repo:

      .. code-block:: console

         helm repo add nvidia https://helm.ngc.nvidia.com/nvidia \
         && helm repo update

      2. Install the GPU Operator with the device plugin disabled:

      .. code-block:: console

         helm upgrade --install gpu-operator nvidia/gpu-operator \
           --version=${version} \
           --create-namespace \
           --namespace gpu-operator 

Refer to the `GPU Operator installation guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/gpu-operator-install.html>`_ for additional configuration options when installing the GPU Operator.

***************************
Install DRA Driver for GPUs
***************************

.. tab-set::
   :sync-group: dra

   .. tab-item:: GPU allocation
      :sync: gpu-allocation

      1. Create a ``values.yaml`` file to pass information to the GPU Operator. 

         .. tab-set::

            .. tab-item:: Default values.yaml file

             Specifies the node selector label for nodes that will support GPU allocation through the DRA Driver.

             .. code-block:: yaml

                nodeSelector:

>                   nvidia.com/dra-kubelet-plugin: "true"

Reviewer: This is not required, we need the nodeSelector label only for the kubelet plugin below.

Author: removed!

                image:
                  pullPolicy: IfNotPresent
                kubeletPlugin:
                  nodeSelector:
                    nvidia.com/dra-kubelet-plugin: "true"

            .. tab-item:: GKE values.yaml file

             Google Kubernetes Engine requires some specific values to be set in the ``values.yaml`` file, including the driver root on the host in ``nvidiaDriverRoot`` as well as the node selector label for nodes that will support GPU allocation through the DRA Driver.

             .. code-block:: yaml

                # Specify the driver root on the host in nvidiaDriverRoot.
                # "/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia" is the default driver root on GKE.
                nvidiaDriverRoot: "/home/kubernetes/bin/nvidia"

                controller:
                  priorityClassName: ""
                  affinity: null
                nodeSelector:

>                   nvidia.com/dra-kubelet-plugin: "true"

Reviewer: same here, this is not required, by default this is set to run the controller on the control-plane nodes which should be left as-is.

Author: removed
